# rate-card-en-02-05-67__88a853de32

> source_pdf: rate-card-en-02-05-67__88a853de32.pdf

The most popular job searching platform
in Thailand

INDEX
01

05

07

12

ABOUT JOBTHAI

JOB ADS

BANNER ADS

BANNER ADS

DESKTOP

APPLICATION

MOBILE

14

16

19

BANNER ADS
COMBO PACK

OTHER ADS

ADVERTISE
WITH US

DESKTOP MOBILE APP

ABOUT JOBTHAI

JOB SEARCH AND APPLICATION STATISTICS

JOBTHAI PLATFORM
THE MOST POPULAR JOB SEARCHING PLATFORM IN THAILAND.
JobThai Trafﬁc Statistics

Application Statistics

Support all channels ; Website
(Desktop & Mobile) and Application.
users

Reach more than
per month

Average number of applications from 4 methods (Apply now, Send
Email, Upload Files and Easy Form) is

Pageviews

views

per month and

increasing.

per month

No. 1 for Top Searched Keyword
“Jobs, Find jobs, Apply jobs”

applicants across
all professions.

1/19

ABOUT JOBTHAI

CANDIDATE DATABASE

SEARCH FROM

QUALITY RESUME
AT JOBTHAI

Education

Work Experience

Age

Region

4% Postgraduate Degree

> 10 years : 12%

> 35 years :26%

51% Bangkok Area

71% Bachelor’s Degree

5-10 year : 23%

30-35 years : 29%

8% Northern

25% Below Bachelor’s
Degree

3-5 year : 18%

25-30 years : 34%

12% Northeastern

1-3 years : 26%

20-25 years : 10%

8% Central

0-1 year : 21%

< 20 years : 1%

16% Eastern

5% Southern
2/19

ABOUT JOBTHAI

STATISTICS OF REQUIRED JOB CATEGORIES BY JOB SEEKERS

CANDIDATES’PREFERRED JOB CATEGORIES

Purchasing/
Administration/
Coordination

Manufacturing/
QC/QA/QM

Technicians

Accounting

Engineering

Sales

Human Resources

Customer Services

Logistics And
Warehouse

Marketing

Computer/IT

Science

Finance/Banking

Management

Design/Graphic Design

Part-Time/Temporary

Import/Export

Academic/Education

Architecture and
Construction

Draftsman

Food and Beverage

Safety/Environment

Driving

Secretary

Legal

Writer/Editor/
Copywriter/
Proofreader

Wellness/Fitness/Spa

Security Division

Jewelry

Others

Mass Communication/
Advertising

Agriculture/Livestock/
Fishery

Medical Services

Interpreter/Tourism/
Reservation

Research/Analysis
(Economics/Stocks/
Banking)

Web Design/
Web Content

Garment

Geographic/
Mapping/GIS

Entertainment/Acting/
Singing

Housekeeper/Babysitter/
Gardener

3/19

ABOUT
COMPANIES
ON JOBTHAI
เกี่ยวกับJOBTHAI
JobThai - LEADING
องค์กรชั้น
นําที่ไว้วางใจลงประกาศงานกั
บเรา

TRUSTED BY
LEADING COMPANIES

4/19

JOB ADS

PACKAGES

JOB POSTING PACKAGES
BUSINESS PACKAGE

2 Weeks

1 Month

2 Months

10% OFF

1 Position

2 Positions

3 Positions

5 Positions

10 Positions

15 Positions

20 Positions

30 Positions

฿

฿

฿

฿

฿

฿

฿

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿963

+Vat 7% = ฿1,926

150 RVC*

300 RVC*

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿2,568

200 RVC*

400 RVC*

฿

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿2,568

+Vat 7% = ฿5,136

400 RVC*

800 RVC*

฿3,600

฿

+Vat 7% = 3,466.80

15% OFF

฿7,200

6 Months

+Vat 7% = ฿6,548.40

1 Year

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿1,284

3 Months

20% OFF

PREMIUM PACKAGE

540 RVC*

฿

1,020 RVC*

฿14,400

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿12,326.40
1,920 RVC*

฿7,200

+Vat 7% = ฿3,852
600 RVC*

฿

฿

฿21,600

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿24,652.80
3,840 RVC*

2 Months

3 Months

฿

15% OFF

฿

20% OFF

+Vat 7% = ฿10,400.40
1,620 RVC*

+Vat 7% = ฿19,645.20
3,060 RVC*

฿43,200

1 Month

10% OFF

+Vat 7% = ฿7,704
1,200 RVC*

฿10,800

+Vat 7% = ฿13,096.80
2,040 RVC*

฿28,800

฿

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿6,933.60
1,080 RVC*

฿14,400

+Vat 7% = 2,889
450 RVC*

6 Months

1 Year

+Vat 7% = ฿4,280
667 RVC*

+Vat 7% = ฿5,350
833 RVC*

+Vat 7% = ฿6,420
1,000 RVC*

+Vat 7% = ฿7,490
1,167 RVC*

+Vat 7% = ฿9,416
1,467 RVC*

฿

฿

฿

฿

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿8,560
1,333 RVC*

฿12,000

฿

฿15,000

฿

฿30,000

฿

฿60,000

+Vat 7% = ฿11,556
1,800 RVC*

฿24,000

+Vat 7% = ฿21,828
3,400 RVC*

฿48,000

+Vat 7% = ฿10,700
1,667 RVC*

+Vat 7% = ฿41,088
6,400 RVC*

+Vat 7% = ฿12,840
2,000 RVC*

฿

฿18,000

฿

฿36,000

฿

฿72,000

+Vat 7% = ฿14,445
2,250 RVC*

+Vat 7% = ฿27,285
4,250 RVC*

+Vat 7% = ฿51,360
8,000 RVC*

+Vat 7% = ฿14,980
2,333 RVC*

฿

฿21,000

฿

฿42,000

฿

฿84,000

+Vat 7% = ฿17,334
2,700 RVC*

+Vat 7% = ฿32,742
5,100 RVC*

+Vat 7% = ฿61,632
9,600 RVC*

+Vat 7% = ฿18,832
2,933 RVC*

฿

฿26,400

฿

฿52,800

฿

฿105,600

+Vat 7% = ฿20,223
3,150 RVC*

+Vat 7% = ฿38,199
5,950 RVC*

+Vat 7% = ฿71,904
11,200 RVC*

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿25,423.20
3,960 RVC*

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿48,021.60
7,480 RVC*

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿90,393.60
14,080 RVC*

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿36,979.20
5,760 RVC*

Remarks
Every package provides one account to access the service. | The advertising rate does not include bank transfer fees. | For advertising rate of more than 1,000 baht (exclude 7% VAT), please deduct 2% withholding tax, then send the deduction document to
sale@jobthai.com or fax 02-480-9988 and send the original document by post to our address. | JobThai reserves the right to provide service to insurance sales agent, direct sales business,network marketing, MLM, face-to-face marketing or any business of
similar kind, including the business that has ambiguous or inaccurate company information and job description, as well as the business that goes throughexcessive amount of resume in a questionable manner. If the information provided on JobThai is found to
be used other than the website’s objective, JobThai will immediately abrogate the job posts without refund in any case. JobThai’s discretion upon job posting and revocation is absolute and final. | *Resume-View Credit (RVC) : Maximum number of “Click to View
Contact” to access job seekers’ contact, including landline phone number,mobile phone number, and email.

5/19

JOB ADS

KEY ADVANTAGES

BENEFITS OF JOBTHAI’S
ADVERTISEMENT

Easy to search candidates
Search from 2,300,000 resumes and ﬁlter by their
preferred job categories, education, ﬁeld of study.
You can use “Add favorite” to save interesting
candidates.

Organize the applications
as you desire
Set to receive applications from either JobThai system or email.
Save the interesting resumes with ‘Add Favorite’.
Create folders to manage applications.
Download applications as a PDF ﬁle.
Keep all received applications, even the package expires.

Strengthen your Employer Brand with
“Company Profile”
Share your company’s culture and information to
attract the right candidates.

Forward applications.

Statistics & Reports
Statistical records of your job posting performance
areavailable at your ﬁngertips. You can browse,

Edit your job posts with
no limits and additional costs
Edit or change everything from job title, job
description or job category within your package
period.

export and print them out any time.

JobThai is ready to help
Our professional staffs are ready to help making
your job posts more appealing and attract more
candidates.

6/19

BANNER ADS

WEBSITE

INCREASE YOUR JOB POSTING VISIBILITY WITH
URGENT JOBS, SUPER HOT JOBS, HOT JOBS and HOT COMPANIES
URGENT JOBS

Attract job seekers with a large banner on “Super

Jobs”. Both company logo and recruiting message are

Hot Jobs”

displayed.

ON BOTH DESKTOP AND MOBILE.

ON BOTH DESKTOP AND MOBILE.

Pin now! a new feature which you can pin your job post on the top of
the section.

1 Week

1 Month

1 Week

1 Month

฿

฿

฿

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿9,630

+Vat 7% = ฿3,745

+Vat 7% = ฿12,840

Pin + ฿700

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿4,494

HOT JOBS

Pin + ฿2,500

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿15,515

HOT COMPANIES

Make your job post more apparent with your

Appeal to job seekers more with your logo at “Hot

company logo and recruiting message at “Hot Jobs”

Companies”

ON BOTH DESKTOP AND MOBILE.

ON BOTH DESKTOP AND MOBILE.

Pin now! a new feature which you can pin your job post on the top of
the section.

Pin now! a new feature which you can pin your job post on the top of
the section.

1 Week

1 Month

1 Week

1 Month

฿

฿

฿

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿1,605

+Vat 7% = ฿5,350

Pin + ฿500

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿2,140

Remarks

MOBILE

SUPER HOT JOBS

Promote your urgently required position with “Urgent

+Vat 7% = ฿2,675

DESKTOP

+Vat 7% = ฿1,070

Pin + ฿1,700

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿7,169

+Vat 7% = ฿3,745

Pin + ฿300

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿1,391

Pin + ฿1,000

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿4,815

2% Withholding tax deduction is required for the advertising rate more than 1,000 THB (7% VAT Excluded). | The advertising rate above does not include bank transfer fees. | JobThai will automatically update your job posting date everyday.

7/19

BANNER ADS

WEBSITE

PRELOAD
An entry pop-up ads on both desktop and mobile is a perfect choice
to reach large audiences or promote Walk-in interview.
ON BOTH DESKTOP AND MOBILE.

1 Week

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿26,750

Remarks

2% Withholding tax deduction is required for the advertising rate more than 1,000 THB (7% VAT Excluded). | The advertising rate above does not include bank transfer fees.

8/19

BANNER ADS

WEBSITE

TOP COMPANIES
Be prominent with company logo, picture and recruiting message
at Top Companies on both desktop and mobile.
ON BOTH DESKTOP AND MOBILE.

1 Month

฿
+Vat 7% = ฿37,450

Remarks

2% Withholding tax deduction is required for the advertising rate more than 1,000 THB (7% VAT Excluded). | The advertising rate above does not include bank transfer fees. | JobThai will automatically update your job posting date everyday.

9/19

BANNER ADS

WEBSITE

BANNER A1, A2, A3, A4, A5

DESKTOP
MOBILE

BANNER A1

BANNER A2

Catch job seekers’ attention at a

Attract job seekers’ attention

prime spot, located at the top

with a large banner at a

and next to the most used

noticeable spot

function “Job Search”

ON BOTH DESKTOP AND MOBILE.

ON BOTH DESKTOP AND MOBILE.

1 Month

1 Month

฿

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿53,500

+Vat 7% = ฿42,800

BANNER A3,A4,A5
Reach more job seekers with special banners,located between Super Hot
Jobs, Hot Jobs and Hot Companies.
ON BOTH DESKTOP AND MOBILE.

A3 1 Month

A4 1 Month

A5 1 Month

฿

฿

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿21,400

+Vat 7% = ฿16,050

+Vat 7% = ฿10,700

Remarks

2% Withholding tax deduction is required for the advertising rate more than 1,000 THB (7% VAT Excluded). | The advertising rate above does not include bank transfer fees.

10/19

BANNER ADS

WEBSITE

BANNER B1
The only striking banner on Job List page reaches huge audience
who are searching for jobs on both desktop and mobile.
ON BOTH DESKTOP AND MOBILE.

1 Month

฿
+Vat 7% = ฿37,450

Remarks

2% Withholding tax deduction is required for the advertising rate more than 1,000 THB (7% VAT Excluded). | The advertising rate above does not include bank transfer fees.

11/19

BANNER ADS

APPLICATION

BANNERS ON APPLICATION

PRELOAD
An entry pop-up ads onapplication, a
perfect way to reach large audiences or
promote Walk-in interview.

BANNER A1
An eye-catching banner, located at the
top of the application, which creates high
awareness to job seekers.

1 Week

1 Month

฿

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿16,050

+Vat 7% = ฿37,450

TOP COMPANIES
A remarkable section topromote your
companywith a standout logo.

BANNER A2
Attract job seekers’ attention with
a large banner at a noticeable spot.

1 Month

฿
+Vat 7% = ฿19,260

Remarks

1 Month

฿
+Vat 7% = ฿26,750

2% Withholding tax deduction is required for the advertising rate more than 1,000 THB (7% VAT Excluded). | The advertising rate above does not include bank transfer fees. | JobThai will automatically update your job posting date everyday.

12/19

BANNER ADS

APPLICATION

BANNERS ON APPLICATION
URGENT JOBS

SUPER HOT JOBS

HOT JOBS

Promote your urgently requiredposition with

Attract job seekers with a large banner on

Make your job post more apparent with your

“Urgent Jobs”. Both company logo and recruiting

“Super Hot Jobs”

company logo and recruiting message at

message are displayed.

“Hot Jobs”

1 Week

1 Month

1 Week

1 Month

1 Week

1 Month

฿

฿

฿

฿

฿

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿1,605

+Vat 7% = ฿5,885

+Vat 7% = ฿2,675

+Vat 7% = ฿8,025

+Vat 7% = ฿1,070

+Vat 7% = ฿3,210

Remarks

2% Withholding tax deduction is required for the advertising rate more than 1,000 THB (7% VAT Excluded). | The advertising rate above does not include bank transfer fees. | JobThai will automatically update your job posting date everyday.

13/19

BANNER ADS

COMBO PACK (WEBSITE & APPLICATION)

COMBO PACK
Special JobThai banner packages reach more than 3,500,000 users per month
throughout the platform ; desktop, mobile and application.

DESKTOP

DESKTOP

APP

MOBILE

APP

DESKTOP

DESKTOP

MOBILE

APP

MOBILE

APP

MOBILE

PRELOAD

BANNER A1

TOP COMPANIES

BANNER A2

The most eye-catching banners,

Catch job seekers’ attention at a

An outstanding section to promote

Attract job seekers’ attention with

displayed on desktop, mobile and

prime spot, located at the top on

your company.

a large banner at a noticeable

application, aim to achieve high

desktop, mobile and application.

spot on desktop, mobile and

awareness and visibility, increasing

application.

your chance to get the right
candidates.
1 Week

Remarks

1 Month

1 Month

1 Month

฿

฿

฿

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿38,520

+Vat 7% = ฿81,855

+Vat 7% = ฿50,290

+Vat 7% = ฿62,595

2% Withholding tax deduction is required for the advertising rate more than 1,000 THB (7% VAT Excluded). | The advertising rate above does not include bank transfer fees. | JobThai will automatically update your job posting date everyday.

14/19

BANNER ADS

COMBO PACK (WEBSITE & APPLICATION)

COMBO PACK
Special JobThai banner packages reach more than 3,500,000 users per month
throughout the platform ; desktop, mobile and application.

URGENT JOBS

SUPER HOT JOBS

HOT JOBS

Promote your urgently required position with

Attract job seekers with a large banner on

“Urgent Jobs”. Both company logo and recruiting

“Super Hot Jobs” on desktop, mobile and

message are shown.

application.

Make your job post more apparent with your
company logo and recruiting message at “Hot
Jobs” which can be seen on desktop, mobile
and application.

1 Week

1 Month

1 Week

1 Month

1 Month

1 Month

฿

฿

฿

฿

฿

฿

+Vat 7% = ฿3,745

+Vat 7% = ฿13,910

+Vat 7% = ฿5,778

+Vat 7% = ฿18,778.50

+Vat 7% = ฿2,407.50

+Vat 7% = ฿7,704

DESKTOP

APP

MOBILE

Remarks

DESKTOP

APP

DESKTOP

MOBILE

APP

MOBILE

2% Withholding tax deduction is required for the advertising rate more than 1,000 THB (7% VAT Excluded). | The advertising rate above does not include bank transfer fees. | JobThai will automatically update your job posting date everyday.

15/19

OTHER ADS

SPECIAL ARTICLES

SPECIAL ARTICLES (WEBSITE)
Special articles written to gather interests from job seekers towards companies
demonstrating topics such as company’s culture, work challenges,
or activities that will create working people’s inspiration.

SAMPLE

Target Audience
Working people looking for new
opportunities.

Public Relations Channel
blog.JobThai.com, JobThai social media,
and JobThai users’ email.

For further inquiries please contact
Tel. 02-480-9999 or sale@jobthai.com

16/19

OTHER ADS

SPECIAL ARTICLES

EMAIL MARKETING
Email for publicizing job posts to job seekers which can be catagorized
by age, gender, job type, location, and experience.
Advertising Rate

฿

Emails

(Prices are subject to change due to
different terms of target market)

Email
Company pictures

JOB OPENINGS

SAMPLE
Qualifications
Benefits
Contact

WALK-IN
INTERVIEW

Advertisement of
Walk-in interview

รับสมัครพนักงานหลายตําแหน่ง
30 สิงหาคม 2566 09:00น. เป็นต้นไป
อาคารยูไนเต็ดเซ็นเตอร์ ชั้น 6 สีลม

17/19

OTHER ADS

SPECIAL ARTICLES

SOCIAL MEDIA
Gain access to a large group of job seekers by promoting job positions, introducing your organizations
or news and activities on Social Media through image and video content.
Social Media

Facebook Page

Facebook Group

TikTok

Instagram

X/Twitter

Followers

Followers

Followers

with more than

Followers

Members

*Updated information as of January 2024
Interested in promoting jobs through social media? Tel. 02-480-9999 or sale@jobthai.com
18/19

ADVERTISE WITH US

MEMBERSHIP REGISTRATION/RENEWAL
1

Choose a package.

3

Make the payment.

QR PromptPay
2

Register or Renew.
Membership Registration
(for a new username & password)

Log on to JobThai
> Click on “Employer” and “Register”
> Enter your company information
Membership Renewal
You can use your old username &
password without having to register
for a new one. Just log in and prepare
a post, then make a payment.

Bank Transfer
Account name
THiNKNET CO., Ltd.

Account name: THiNKNET Company Limited
Account type: Current
Bangkok Bank

Head ofﬁce Silom

101-3-35037-4

Kasikorn Bank

Phat Phong

018-1-13228-0

UOB

Silom Complex

776-3-02049-9

Siam Commercial Bank

Surawong

064-3-02025-7

Krungthai Bank

Zuellig House

968-6-00013-5

Credit Card

Bank of Ayudhya

Zuellig House

503-0-00156-9

Log in > click “Payment” > complete the
form and submit online

TMBThanachart

Sathorn City Tower 004-1-05319-0

Log in > click “Payment” > complete the
form and submit online
Remarks
For local transaction only. International
transaction is not accepted.

Remarks
For this, you can log in to prepare
your job post and send a logo, pictures
and company’s map to sale@jobthai.com
along with your username for our staff to
prepare the posting before you make the
payment.

Remarks

4

Send the payment receipt.

Send the payment receipt to sale@jobthai.com or fax to 02-480-9988 with name of sender and phone number.
Our staff will contact you within 30 minutes after receiving the document to announce the activation.

- For new registered companies, please submit a copy of value added tax registration or a copy of company registration certificate which is signed by authorized director(s) and affix the company’s seal.
- For payment of over 1,000 baht (exclude 7% VAT), please deduct 2% of withholding tax, fax the withholding tax document to 02-480-9988 and send us the original hard copy via postal service.
- JobThai reserves the right to provide service to insurance sales agent, direct sales business, network marketing, MLM, face-to-face marketing or any business of similar kind, including the business that has
ambiguous or inaccurate company information and job description, as well as the business that goes through excessive amount of resume in a questionable manner. If the information provided on JobThai is
found to be used other than the website’s objective, JobThai will immediately abrogate the job posts without refund in any case. JobThai’s discretion upon job posting and revocation is absolute and final.

THiNKNET Co.,Ltd. (Head Ofﬁce) | 323 United Center Building, 6th Floor, Room 601, Silom Road, Silom, Bangrak, Bangkok 10500 | Tel. 02-480-9999 | Fax 02-480-9988 | sale@jobthai.com | Tax 0125543004205

19/19
